We'll come back everyone in this lecture we're going to go over the exercise solutions.
Let's get started.
All right here we are at the exercise file.
Let's go ahead and go through the solutions.
Keep in mind I'm not actually going to be printing and running the script every time for every solution.
Mission to show you them.
And if you want to reference the solutions yourselves you can just open up the solutions that py file.
Ok so here we have f flask actually gave you that one in the previous lecture.
Basically if you're given the string S and you want to find F. It's the very first element in that string
or character strings are usually the index at 0 for s.
Are you using a count over 0 1 2 3.
So that would be index theory for ask.
That's going to be a Eskay at the very end.
So what you can do is you can just grab the string starting the index position too and then Colan to
go all the way to the end of the string for Alias.
That one's going to be a little different because we actually need to define where we're stopping.
So we're going to say s and then we're going to go starting in the index position 1 because that's the
L are going to go up to and not including in the position for where the case is.
And that leads us into the next one which is just for k.
You just say either in solution 4 or you can also say negative 1 because it's the last one using indexing
to reverse a string.
We mentioned this in the lecture but it's just going to be colon colon negative one because it's a step
size of negative one from the very beginning of the string to the very end.
So that's problem one problem too was given this list resign hello to be goodbye.
So the way we do this is you would say my list or L depending on how this was assigned.
And then you would index out this list right here.
So it's first going to be in exploration too.
And that will return back this list.
And so then this list and the Expedition 2 has Halo.
So you would say to again and then you would sign it to be goodbye.
And if you were to print this list again then you would see good by there instead of hello problem 3.
So using indexing and keys I want you to grab Hello from the following dictionaries.
So D-1 that one's actually pretty straightforward.
You just say D1 and then say the simple key and that would be returned back.
Hello for this one it's a little more complicated.
Basically you have two keys in a row so you're going to say to grab a key one and then return back that
inside dictionary and then you'll grab again.
Keep K-2.
And then that will grab Hello.
Inside the inside dictionary.
So kind of stacked key calls there.
Then finally D-3 this is probably the most complex one.
And there's a little trick to it at the end that sometimes beginners forget.
So how would you do this.
Well first you have to grab K-1.
So if we grab K one that's going to return back this list.
So I'm going to copy and paste this as we go along.
So you can see the steps I'm taking here.
So D-3 of K-1 returns back that list.
So then what's the next step.
Well the next step is to then grab the actual dictionary inside of this list.
So this is the tricky part you have to realize they had to grab using index zero this dictionary because
it's a single item in the list.
So that would return this.
And then the next step would be probably to grab this list right here.
So then you have to say nest key.
So then we're going to say D-3 K-1 string K-1 0.
And then we'll passen nest.
So once we do that we'll get back this list right here again kind of breaking this down step by step
for you.
And then once we have this list we have the second item in this list which is hello.
So I going to grab that now.
So it's going to be index solution 1.
And when you grab that you'll get back this list with Hello.
Now a lot of times beginners just stop their thing and they've grabbed the string hello while technically
you haven't.
Brab the list with the single string hello.
If you really want to grab just the string you need to do one lessa of indexing which would be zero.
And then that would grab this string.
Hello here.
OK.
So that breaks down everything step by step if you want any kind of pause unfreezes screen so you can
see how I broke this down step by step but this is essentially how you would go about it.
And the last final answer is this kind of long line right here.
OK.
So that was problem three.
Let's move on to Problem 4 which was to use a set to find the unique values in this list below.
Basically we showed this in the lecture you just pasand the list into that set function and that will
automatically find all the unique values for you.
So that's all you had to do there.
Problem five.
You're given two variables.
Age for name is Michael Sammy and I want you to print out this string of string formatting.
So the way we can do that is two methods one using the dot format method call and another using f string
literals.
So let me show you both of them.
One way would just be using format.
So I could say hello my dog's name is and then I have curly braces here and he is curly braces years
old.
And then I would have to say that format and I would pass in those actual values are those really those
variable names age and name.
Let me zoom out a little bit so we can see the whole thing.
So this is how you would use it with the DOT format method.
Do you want to use string literals instead.
It's a very similar process we'll say prints F and then set up our string and we're going to have the
exact same phrasing here.
So we'll just say copy and paste that in here except now instead of saying what format we're actually
going to directly insert those variable names we'll say age and then name.
OK.
So those are the two different methods you could have done this remember this a string literal.
That's only going to work in Python 3.6.
All right.
If you have any questions feel free to post the Q&A forums.
Hopefully those are pretty straightforward.
There were kind of some tricks here especially this one problem.
Three and kind of the ending of problem two here.
But if you have any questions feel free to post to any forums.
We'll see you at the next lecture or we begin to discuss control.